Aquarium 4K for Fire TV

An offline screensaver and remote-operated aquarium. It contains no ads,
analytics, tracking SDKs, network permission, accounts, or runtime downloads.

Open Aquarium 4K from the Fire TV app list. Up and Down select a control.
Left and Right adjust it; Select advances an option. Changes are saved
immediately. Show aquarium hides settings. Menu or Back returns to settings.
Back from settings exits. A remote key exits the idle screensaver normally.

Animated aquarium controls:
  Population: A few (6), A handful (16), A lot (32), A ton (60),
    Schools (48 fish in three coordinated groups), or Custom.
  Fish count: 0 to 60, in increments of one. Changing the exact count
    selects Custom. Large animals are additional to this ordinary fish count.
  Species: mixed, clownfish, yellow tang, blue tang, angelfish, neon tetra, betta.
  Background: Reef, Fish tank, Ocean, Kelp forest, Deep sea.
  Swimming speed: calm, gentle, lively.
  Fish size: small, medium, large.
  Lighting: daylight, warm, moonlight.
  Bubbles and sunlight shimmer: on or off independently. Sunlight comes
    from above, with moving beams and rippling highlights on fish and sand.
  Sharks, whales, octopuses, turtles, rays, dolphins, jellyfish: independent
    on/off switches. These are stylized 3D models with moving appendages.
  Clock: hidden, 12-hour, or 24-hour, using the device's time zone.
  Reset aquarium: restore the default configuration.

Animated mode uses original stylized 3D fish and scenery, rendered on the GPU
at 3840x2160. Frame rate depends on the Fire TV and scene settings. Real 4K
footage mode plays the bundled silent aquarium video in a continuous loop;
the clock is available in either mode. Fish and scenery controls apply to
animated mode and are retained while watching footage.

Build on macOS or Linux:
  Install JDK 21, Android SDK platform 36 and build-tools 36.0.0,
  ffmpeg (for ffprobe), Python 3, OpenSSL, and zip.
  Set ANDROID_HOME to the SDK folder. On macOS it defaults to
  $HOME/Library/Android/sdk.
  bash test.sh
  bash build.sh
  python3 check_apk.py

The signed APK and SHA-256 checksum are written to build/. On the first
build, a signing key is created at $HOME/.android/firetv-aquarium.jks, with
its password in $HOME/.android/firetv-aquarium.pass. Back up both privately.
Keep the same key for upgrades. Never add either file to Git.

Install and select as the screensaver using an ADB-connected Fire TV:
  adb connect DEVICE_IP:5555
  python3 install.py --device DEVICE_IP:5555

The installer checks the APK checksum, preserves the first screensaver
settings in ignored device-state.json, and keeps the existing idle and sleep
timeouts. If activation fails it restores the prior settings. To switch back:
  python3 install.py --device DEVICE_IP:5555 --restore

Restoring leaves Aquarium installed and retains its saved preferences.
Selecting the screensaver requires ADB on Fire OS versions that do not expose
third-party screensavers in Settings. This app does not change the launcher.

The software is MIT licensed. The bundled video has separate license terms
in MEDIA_LICENSE.txt. None of the code or assets from the supplied third-party
APK/XAPK wallpaper apps are included.
